hello, modest Flavors from the kitchen armful loves
In this section, we reach our beautiful city, Ankara
and share the description of "Entekke Pie"
But let's take a look at the list of materials before you want
1 pack of quick yeast
1 pc of sugar cubes
1 tea cup of warm water
1 tea cup warm milk
1 piece of egg
2 tablespoons yogurt
and as much flour as possible
for inside; 200 grams of ground meat
3 tablespoons oil
half bunch of parsley
1 teaspoon black pepper
1 teaspoon of salt
and to fry; liquid oil
now we can go into the construction of entekke pastry
first
add warm water
crush my fingertips
milk, yogurt ...
Adding 1 egg
and flutter
now we add some salt
we mix our quick yeast with a little flour
and we begin to knead by adding flour to a medium hardness.
we made a dough that wasn't as hard as you noticed
Let's leave some flour now
close
and let it stand for at least 45 minutes in warm atmosphere
Let's prepare this beautiful recipe of our beautiful Ankara
plenty of parsley being used
this is the most important feature of this pie
let's start by chopping parsley
we can go next to the hearth
we put the pan in the fire
If you remember we had 3 tablespoons of oil, we add
after a little warming we add 200 grams of ground beef
and one by one, we're frying until we leave
now a little salt ...
and added 1 teaspoon of black pepper
let's mix some more
and finally add parsley
and let the fire shut and mix
let us cool down
45 minutes later
dough rested, drenched
time to meet now
It was a nice dough, let's say the bottom-top
we will cut half a lemon from the dough and make it to the cloth
then I'm gonna give it a donut shape
We have prepared the peas, now we are opening up the tea plate with fingertips
we use our fingertips to be fluffy
You know, the rolling pin or roller causes it to be more pincushed
so much
leave enough
in the meantime we put our oil in the pan began to get angry
pushing the edges
if we want it to be uniform we cut it with the help of a roulette
we continue to make other dough pieces in the same way
now we can fry our entekke donuts
warming
our pies are very nice blush
we are now taking our last pies
No more service time
let us transfer our pies to the serving plate
Let's share with our loved ones with a tea or a nice buttermilk
Modest Flavors in this part of the kitchen ...
green Ankara and we shared the description of "Entekke Pie"
I would like you to try and remember us as soon as possible
Goodbye sir ...